only of 54 12 54 face we are in a gathering with eduardo inda director of
I see7 we are with Roberto commensals and sports commentator
the same as that great journalist named gutiérrez de lado josé
the percent however a concentration zone
well nonetheless flowers and encourage informal employment
to domingue day
and in the df
yes yes clear with a quiet then not
monsignor mister mourinho made debut to his remote control
We are not talking about Sanchez Flores
Mr. Mourinho has made two of his children debut when
now when the emperor minutes
the only difference in relief but he
interrogated on the other hand was a genius called liberia put him in a thousand
dollars and kept it in time and the Greek government is that they demand sir
Sanchez Flores would not have made Mr. Domínguez debut
and the lord wishes then they are already confirmed
because to see some videos on YouTube to understand has been the awkwardness
raised to the nth degree
yes it does not put the wallet that is showing what it is and does not put the
Mr. Dominguez when there was no arrest in Aragon
for whom is an obsessive pursuit with water true of certain because according to
he has told the truth but of course that is what I do not like is they were expelled so
I do not like it
listen to lies
province what he does not like to hear lies the man with whom he debuts with
Abel
and Mr. de Gea makes his debut with Santi Moreno, he has no age what is not
another exit that is not capable of lying
like a scoundrel but brave but prepared to try to disqualify -
taken at the act of the amia guillermo borger but moderate to damage the
I really do not lie
golden arches proposal to lie the derogatory of the dl maintains during the
years of the tiger who has asked Dominguez to de gea
I'm not sure you're lying missionaries lying now it starts to
feel
we are not going to see things are as they are not as we want them to be abertis ha noi
toast man please like charity because you disagree you went back not talking is about
be shot this discrepancy is not partial greed in opinion
in the information what can not be done is to lie you have to tell the truth
and Mr. Gómez to mendívil the moment and even before the fight but
very warm players of gravity last January 1 at midnight case as
a scoundrel has lied
nor when you lie like a villain andes in mind to try
to disqualify is to lie like a scoundrel
that's why he's going to tell the truth
and the truth must be put human and if not not expected
what I tell you is what it is
because I have the data
what in street slang more quickly the service commented that
bonus not because this way evidently here things work
by ashraf united to see I am going to vote or I do not see it and with santi there will be something
plus
the sr commented that he was asking
I was wondering how you think it will be good before making a double
But another question Mrs. Petra vega one thing is to vote
with mourinho and has fined him if we have to give explanations to know that the
Peru because it was like that
the volcano another side dozens of oncar maccarone that debuted today with
with constancy and said that this matter as soon as possible
with france on why santi I think he had nothing that one day in the
match you want to put forward coach
to see now also recently in belfry
for the country in Kampala that what Cuba receives is a field that it must not tolerate
lie
in addition to trying peace and not disqualifying the other side of the
gate